CREATE TABLE public.model_weighted
(ilan_no int NOT NULL,
model text,
fiyat int,
yil int,
vites int,
km int,
beygir int,
cc int,
sol_on_kapı_boyali int,
sol_on_kapı_degisen int,
sol_arka_kapı_boyali int,
sol_arka_kapı_degisen int,
sol_on_camurluk_boyali int,
sol_on_camurluk_degisen int,
sol_arka_camurluk_boyali int,
sol_arka_camurluk_degisen int,
arka_tampon_boyali int,
arka_tampon_degisen int,
arka_kaput_boyali int,
arka_kaput_degisen int,
on_tampon_boyali int,
on_tampon_degisen int,
sag_on_camurluk_boyali int,
sag_on_camurluk_degisen int,
motor_kaputu_boyali int,
motor_kaputu_degisen int,
sag_on_kapı_boyali int,
sag_on_kapı_degisen int,
sag_arka_kapı_boyali int,
sag_arka_kapı_degisen int,
sag_arka_camurluk_boyali int,
sag_arka_camurluk_degisen int,
tavan_boyali int,
tavan_degisen int,
PRIMARY KEY (ilan_no))